docs(Grid): example code polish (#2145)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-add-column-from-code.md

## Solution

> You can use the [`RenderFragment Delegate`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.components.renderfragment?view=aspnetcore-8.0) to create a GridColumn from the C# portion of the application. 

Reviewer: Use either "Grid column" or "`GridColumn`" (styled as code because it is a class).
```suggestion
You can use the [`RenderFragment Delegate`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.components.renderfragment?view=aspnetcore-8.0) to create a Grid column from the C# portion of the application. 
```

> >caption Add a GridColumn from code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>caption Add a Grid column from code
```
